In this lab we created a webpage for Gamma Nu Eta (GNH). This webpage consisted of a homepage and an activities page. I mainly worked on designing the activities page. The activities page consists of a full page image which can be scrolled to reveal the main content. Upon scrolling there is a blur effect. The blur effect is done in JS by setting the filter: blur() value to equal the scrollY value/10. It is divided by 10 because without it, the image would be fully blurred almost immediately upon scroll. The effect only applies up to scrollY value 500 then it does nto increase the blur anymore. This is because without this I ran into a problem where as you kept scrolling it would keep blurrign and blurring causing the page scroll to lag. This effect is inside a window.scroll function so it only applies upon scroll. I also had a problem where the blur effect did not apply when you scrolled down and reloaded the page. This is because there was no scrolling right after reload. This was fixed by placing the code that changes the blur also in the document.ready function so it would also check right after page load. If you press the activites image which I designed in the middle of the page it will also scroll to the bottom content. This is done with a .scrollIntoView function. Originally I had a problem because it would scroll to the content id but the content div would have a different height based on the height of the window. Therefore it would not scroll to the right position. I had to add a new id that was inside the collapsable menu which had a set height therefore it would scroll to the right position everytime. I also discovered that you could add parameters to .scrollIntoView such as behavior: 'smooth'. Another problem I wanted to get rid of was the white haloing around the blur effect. I was able to resolve this using scale(1.2) which cutoff the white halo. I also worked on other css fixes in the acitivites page with the accordian menu that Will made in the activities page. 

on how to remove white halo from blur: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28870932/how-to-remove-white-border-from-blur-background-image 

smooth scroll into view: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/scrollIntoView